I make a berry crumble that takes full
advantage of summers bounty and recently
Connor and I were in northern Michigan
which is the self-proclaimed cherry
capital of the world cherries
both tart and sweet about so I usually
make a berry crumble with strawberries
and blueberries sometimes raspberries
that I got from the Pioneer Woman blog
but here in Michigan with these cherries
all around me clearly I had to adapt the
recipe to be a cherry crumble and you
guys it's so good so I gotta show you
here's how you make it so you'll need
about two and a half cups of tart
cherries fresh or frozen will work 1/3
cup of old-fashioned oats 1/2 cup of
sugar separated into 2/4 cup amounts 1/3
cup of pecans chopped 1 teaspoon of
vanilla extract 1 tablespoon of
cornstarch 1 cup of flour 1/4 cup of
brown sugar 3/4 of a stick of butter cut
into small pieces and a dash of salt so
first pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees
in your baking pan combine the cherries
cornstarch 1/4 cup of sugar and vanilla
extract then in a medium bowl combine
the flour oats the brown sugar the other
fourth cup of sugar pecans dash of salt
and butter pieces sprinkle it over the
cherries then bake for 30 minutes while
your crumble is baking make the homemade
whipped cream my dear friend suraíh pies
are I taught me this trick that will
save your wrist put about a cup of heavy
whipping cream in a mason jar along with
a bit of salt and a bit more sugar
then shake after about 5 minutes you've
got your whipped cream
then just top the crumble with adult and
enjoy yeah dude it's really good you
guys did you kill that everything you
make is good I think it might be my new
favorite way to have this crumble so you
can eat this during cherry season when
the cherries are fresh or you can use
frozen cherries so you could eat this
year-round we could eat this year-round
you you should eat this year-round
mm-hmm hey guys thanks so much for
watching as always and remember keep it
quirky bye